divorcee lauren reynolds goes on a blind
date with widower jim friedman at
hooters
and it goes badly lauren talks to her
friend jen about the experience
and jim discusses his date with his
co-worker they both agree in the
separate discussions that things
could have gone better lauren and jim
run into each other while on errands at
the pharmacy
and the cashier mistakenly switches
their credit cards
jim goes to lauren's house to switch the
cards back
and jen is at lauren's house and is
broken up with her boyfriend
dick jim's boss although she and dick
already paid for a trip to africa
lauren commits to using jen's portion of
the vacation package without knowing
that jim
intends to use dicks as well and that
the hotel accommodation is for a
romantic suite
the families are put together for a
blended family moon
where they get together with other
couples including the oversexed eddie
and ginger
eddie's new bride is quite his junior to
the chagrin of their teenage son jake
on whom jim's oldest daughter hillary
develops a crush at first sight
the kids make an awkward impression with
each other with brendan calling his mom
hot and the others not knowing how to
react aspen acting like her mom is there
with her
as she is not ready to let go of her
quite yet
over time the kids begin to bond with
each other and
each other's parent jim bonds with the
boys helping them with adventurous
sports
while lauren bonds with the girls
helping hillary to change
her tomboyish look into a more feminine
one leading to jake becoming her
boyfriend
as they become closer to their children
jim and lauren begin to warm up to each
other
they inadvertently get together for a
couple's massage and have fun with each
other
when lou asked lauren to put her to bed
lauren sings her
somewhere over the rainbow which unknown
to her
was the song lou's mom used to sing the
other girls pretend to sleep
realizing how much they truly love
lauren she returns this feeling when she
maternally kisses each girl's forehead
as she says good night
jim starts to realize the depth of his
feelings for lauren
on the last night of their trip lauren
puts on a beautiful black dress that she
admired earlier
she wears it that evening and receives
admiration from everyone
jim and lauren are sat down for a
romantic dinner which lauren soon
discovers was actually planned by jim
specifically for her
they chat briefly about basic parenting
techniques and then pull in for a kiss
however at the last second jim pulls
away apologizing and explaining that he
can't do it after returning to america
jim realizes he misses lauren and that
he's fallen in love with her which he
admits to his daughters who are ecstatic
with the news
although espen is not fully ready to
move on from her mother's passing
she also doesn't want her family to lose
lauren she starts to move on by telling
her dad that her mom had said she had
other things to do in heaven and
wouldn't be around as much
at the kid's behest jim goes to lauren's
house to give her flowers
only to find her ex-husband mark there
tyler gets excited to see jim and wants
to play ball
mark bullies jim into leaving and then
ditches tyler to answer a summons from
work
mark tries to make a move on lauren but
she refuses his advances because of his
continuous failure to be a good father
in addition to his having an affair
during their marriage
lauren and brendan go to support tyler
at his next baseball game
along with jen and dick whom jen has
worked things out with
and his five kids mark doesn't come to
the game
jim and his daughters arrive to show
encouragement inspiring tyler to hit the
ball as jim had taught him in africa
jim then finds lauren and they admit to
wanting to be together
and they finally kiss to the happiness
of their kids
who realize that they are already a
blended family